h1. PageRoute Plugin

Forget about cluttering your @routes.php@ with zillions of @/page@-style routes.

h2. Background

Someone in IRC was migrating tons of static pages into a fresh CakePHP install. In the webroot. I was going to hurt him, but then told him to move them into @app/views/pages@ and use routes to properly route everything. I also mentioned that rather than routing every static file one by one, it might be possible using a custom @CakeRoute@ class, but didn't elaborate.

So a few minutes of hacking later, and here I am with this lovely @PageRoute@.

h2. Requirements

* PHP 5.2.6+
* CakePHP 2.0

h2. Installation

_[Manual]_

# Download this: http://github.com/sams/PageRoute/zipball/master
# Unzip that download.
# Copy the resulting folder to app/Plugin
# Rename the folder you just copied to @pPageRoute@

_[GIT Submodule]_

In your app directory type:
<pre><code>git submodule add git://github.com/sams/PageRoute.git Plugin/PageRoute
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

_[GIT Clone]_

In your plugin directory type
<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/sams/PageRoute.git Plugin/PageRoute</code></pre>

h2. Usage

In @bootstrap.php@

pre>code{CakePlugin::loadAll(array('PageRoute' => array('routes' => true)))}

--or--

Somewhere near the bottom of your @routes.php@ file, add the following:

<pre><code>App::uses('PageRoute', 'PageRoute.Lib');
Router::connect('/:page', array('controller' => 'pages', 'action' => 'display'),
	array('routeClass' => 'PageRoute')
);
</code></pre>

With this option you'll need to comment out the line that includes Cake Auto routes

h2. Todo

* Unit Tests
* Enable changing the Controller and action + setting other controls of the 
* Allow usage of the @.@ character in routes

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2011 Jose Diaz-Gonzalez

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.